Guys, let's face the hard truth. Kling
AI is officially dead. Stings a bit,
right? But hold on, the plot twist is
coming. They slashed daily credits down
to just 66. The servers are always busy,
and the quality took a massive nose
dive. But here's the thing, I beat the
system. You heard me right. I found two
secret AI tools that absolutely destroy
Kling, and you won't have to pay a
single dime. First up is AI Saver, an
all-in-one beast. Face swap, video
enhancement, image generation,
everything is free. And the second tool
is Wave Speed. It runs the brand new One
2.6 model. The quality is literally Sora
level. We are talking Hollywood style
cinematic videos. And here is the most
dangerous part. Today I'm giving you the
unlimited lifetime access hack for both
of these [music] tools. This trick is
completely private, and 90% of people
have no clue it exists. But before we
dive in, do me a huge solid. If you want
me to keep exposing these paid tool
hacks, stuff people pay 50 or 100 bucks
a month for, then please smash that like
button and subscribe right now. Your
support literally keeps this channel
alive. Seriously, guys, I stay up all
night researching this stuff for you.
[music] Done? Awesome. Now, buckle up
because I'm cutting the fluff. Let's get
straight to the action. Let's hack tool
number one, AI Saver. Here's the twist
that 99% of people miss. To make this
work, you need a specific app that will
be your secret weapon. Go to the Google
Play Store and search for Temp Mail
Provider. Download this specific app
because this is the only one that gives
us the secret emails to confuse the
system. Now, listen closely. If you mess
up this step, the whole trick fails.
Step number one, open your browser and
turn on incognito mode.
This is crucial. We don't want any
cookies or cache tracking us. Go to the
AI Saver website inside incognito and
click sign up.
Step number two, open that Temp Mail
Provider app. Click the plus icon to
generate a new email. You need to select
a domain. Open the list and scroll all
the way to the bottom. You will see a
special domain called nm.edu.pl.
Pay attention. This is the most
important part. For AI Saver, only this
nm.edu.pl
domain works. If you pick anything else,
you won't get the credits. Select it,
copy the email, paste it into AI Saver,
and hit register.
>> [music]
>> And here is the biggest trap. If you
miss this, all your effort goes to
waste. After creating the account, you
will see a login button. [music] Stop.
Do not log in. I repeat, do not log in
yet. If you log in now, the trick fails
and you get zero credits. You have to
fool the system in a specific way. So,
what do you do? Listen carefully. Go
back to the app. Hit refresh.
>> [music]
>> You will see an email from AI Saver.
Open it and look for the long
verification link. Click that link. This
magical link verifies you and auto logs
you in at the same time. Now you are on
the dashboard. But wait, credits still
show zero. Look at the top. Do you see a
small red dot? Click on that red dot and
claim your daily check-in.
Boom, 60 credits added instantly. Use
them. Face swap, create HQ videos, make
viral thumbnails, all for free. But
guys, that was just the trailer. The
real blockbuster is next. Let's move to
the showstopper, Wave Speed AI. If you
want cinematic Marvel movie level
videos, this tool is the king. But the
hack for this one is slightly different,
so pay attention. [music] One missed
step and you are locked out. First, open
a new incognito tab. Go to Wave Speed
and click sign up.
Do not log in with Google. They will
track you instantly. Look at the bottom.
There is an option continue with GitHub.
We need to sneak in through the GitHub
back door. Click create [music] account.
Now, go back to the Temp Mail Provider
app. Click the plus icon again. But this
time the domain is different.
This is critical. Check the list and
select anypsj.com. Remember this, Wave
Speed equals anypsj.com and AI Saver
equals nm.edu.pel.
Do not mix them up or it won't work.
Copy the email, paste it into GitHub,
and create your account.
Here's a pro tip that nobody tells you.
When GitHub asks you to verify, don't
waste your time solving the image
puzzle. It's too slow. Look for the
audio button, the speaker icon. Click
it. It just plays a sound. You type it
in and it verifies you instantly. Super
fast. Once the GitHub account is ready,
go back to the app, grab the code,
>> [music]
>> and magic, brand new account, full
credits, and you are now using the
world's most powerful One 2.6 model.
Wait, wait, wait. I have one last
critical warning. This is the unlimited
glitch secret that most people get
wrong. When you run out of credits and
want to make a new account, just
clicking log out is not enough. Why?
Because if you just log out and try to
sign up again, the system remembers your
session. So, here is the trick. You must
close the incognito window completely.
Shut down the browser tab. Then, open a
fresh incognito mode. This wipes your
session clean, and only then can you
create a new account. Do not skip this
step. This is the key to unlimited
access. So, there you have it, guys. Two
secret methods to get unlimited AI
videos, completely free. Stop chasing
Kling. That is the past. These tools are
the future. But a fair warning, these
domains can get patched at any moment.
Companies shut these loopholes down
fast. So, don't wait. Go now. Try it
right now. The app link is in the
description. If this video saved you
money, smash that like button.
Seriously, it takes 1 second and it
motivates me to find the next big hack.
And for more secret leaks, private
hacks, and free alternatives to
expensive tools, subscribe and hit that
bell icon. Because in the next video,
I'm exposing another mind-blowing tool
that beats Runway ML. And yes, it's
completely free. See you in the next
one. Keep creating. Keep hustling.